under house but did you know that it can
be used for more than just cocktailing
well yeah as a matter of fact I do not
have you ever heard about cleaning with
vodka stuff absolutely not what do you
like to do with vodka not a lot not
clean with it that's whywe stupid Baba
no I'm just kidding but guess what I did
a little research and I found out that
clear vodka can help you go green check
this out oh I know what you're thinking
no it's not party time well it is vodka
but let me tell you something you won't
believe some of the wacky use as I found
for vodka check this out so you want
shiny hair you say well here's what you
do you take about an ounce and a half of
vodka and add it to every 12 ounces of
your shampoo shake it up and voila
you'll have beautiful shiny fur or how
about this you want to go green when it
comes to cleaning we'll just find
yourself a spray bottle put some vodka
in it and spray it on chrome and glass
fixtures it will shine them up
beautifully
how about this for a money saver use
vodka to freshen up your clothes in
between dry cleaning yeah it works great
all you do is add it to a spritzer
bottle and then just lightly mist it all
over it won't leave an odor and it kills
odor causing bacteria just a word of
caution though if you plan on doing it
on it anything with color on it
you want to test it out in an
inconspicuous place first so what's in
this stuff anyway
I can't even pronounce the chemicals
that are used in bug spray let alone
spray them all over my body especially
my face so how about this use vodka as a
natural bug repellent all you do is put
it in a squirt bottle and spray away no
odor no bugs no bites but by far one of
my favorite things to do with vodka to
make the famous Theriot dirty razz
martini here's how you make it okay
first of all you need your vodka and
you're gonna need about 2 ounces this is
really about well it's about 2 ounces
little container about an ounce and a
half of pineapple juice about a quarter
ounce of raspberry liqueur
come on measure will guess maybe a
little more pretty okay throw in a
little raspberry and one off you know it
makes cleaning and freshening your
laundry and getting rid of bugs just
that much more fun and totally worth it
Cheers